If anyone else is in the process of filling out this form or has filled it out, I have a question. I am on the part where you have to check boxes for existing skills and experience. First of all, should I check coding AND design, or just coding? Will only checking coding penalize me in some way?Second of all, under the "Computer science disciplines with existing skills/experience" part, A lot of these things that are listed (robotics, networking, data mining, web apps, mobile systems, etc..) are things that I have a little bit of experience with but no real in depth knowledge, and they are asking me to select the ones that I am comfortable being interviewed on. Now, I have asked the recruiter and she said these things would be covered in the host matching interviews, so I'm wondering, for anyone that has gone through the host matching process, how rigorous are they? Do they really grill you on various data mining algorithms or networks protocols or whatever, or is it just a conversation to see if you are interested in the project or not?Thanks all.4 commentsshareall 4 commentssorted by: best–AggieDG17 1 point 3 hours ago Where'd you find this form?permalink–Thounumber1S 1 point 2 hours ago It was sent to me, the recruiter told me I had to fill it outpermalinkparent–viravain 1 point 2 hours ago Don't fret over the difference between coding, design, algorithms, and whatever else is there; it's not a big deal. Also, as a rule, interns are terrible at designing software. e: that is to say yeah mark design, why notAs for your second question, it depends on the host. The vast majority are just trying to get you interested in their project. Hosts with unusually specific or challenging projects might quiz you about your skills and experience. Very few actually ask challenging questions.permalink–jordanminjie 1 point 2 hours ago Hey I'm just finishing my Google internship, today was my last day and also obviously I'm not speaking for the company. I don't think you'll be penalized for putting just coding and not design. Secondly, the host interviews are just whatever the host decides she wants to talk about. I went through three total before I found my project which I really enjoyed. Only one of them was technical. For some projects, like those involving machine learning, you're mostly guaranteed that the host will ask some technical questions. I would say try to represent your skill set as honestly as you can but err on the side of overselling your abilities. Not as a general rule, but since this questionnaire basically is what hosts look at before deciding they want to talk to you, so the host can always decide later that they don't want you on their project.
When data arrive in a stream, we may want to estimate clusters dynamically, updating them as new data arrive. MLlib provides support for streaming k-means clustering, with parameters to control the decay (or “forgetfulness”) of the estimates. The algorithm uses a generalization of the mini-batch k-means update rule. For each batch of data, we assign all points to their nearest cluster, compute new cluster centers, then update each cluster using:ct+1=ctntα+xtmtntα+mt(1)nt+1=nt+mt(2)Where ct is the previous center for the cluster, nt is the number of points assigned to the cluster thus far, xt is the new cluster center from the current batch, and mt is the number of points added to the cluster in the current batch. The decay factor α can be used to ignore the past: with α=1 all data will be used from the beginning; with α=0 only the most recent data will be used. This is analogous to an exponentially-weighted moving average.The decay can be specified using a halfLife parameter, which determines the correct decay factor a such that, for data acquired at time t, its contribution by time t + halfLife will have dropped to 0.5. The unit of time can be specified either as batches or points and the update rule will be adjusted accordingly.
I am 25 yo immigrant developer with around 5.5 years of experience in software engineering (2.5 years developing 3d applications using C/C++/STL back in my home country and around 3 years in MSFT working on business applications). I do not have any industry experience with "sexy" technologies like big data or full stack development (I took couple of online courses on that). I like functional programming and statistics, I also took several online courses on that, I also took couple of courses on JS and Python. I feel really tired and unmotivated with my current job, I noticed I am not growing and not building the skills I'd like to build, though I am paid decently. Essentially, I am not happy with it and I am burning out. I am thinking about changing jobs to some other company where I can learn more about topics I like and where I can get some commercial experience with them. But I am worried about not having previous experience in these topics, which is often a requirement, so in a sense I am afraid it’s going to be hard for me to find a decent job. What would my best course of action be? Any opinion appreciated.
Has anyone had any experience golfing at the Illini golf course in Savoy? I really want to play a round, and this place seems to offer the best (I.e. cheapest) price for 18 holes. How's the condition of the course, how'd you get there with your clubs, friendly game wardens?8 commentsshareall 8 commentssorted by: best–feelthegleeGrad Student, Physics 3 points 18 hours ago As for getting there, you have 10 days until the AirBus/27 stops service.permalink–iarepookieS 1 point 16 hours ago Tragic.. is 27 airbus the only bus that takes you there? Or just the quickest?permalinkparent–feelthegleeGrad Student, Physics 2 points 16 hours ago* The AirBus goes to Willard Airport, and drives right past the entrance to the golf course. If you ask they'd probably drop you off at that entrance, but I don't know how far ofa walk it would be from there.Edit: the next closest bus would get yout to the Savoy Walmart, but that's still about a mile away.permalinkparent–SwaggyVCommunication 4 points 14 hours ago* Actually the Savoy Walmart backs right up to the course there's just a fence and trees in between but there's a break in them at the far southwest corner of the lot that leads right into the golf course parking lot. I assume from many other students taking the bus there.(edit) Here's a picture to give you an idea of where it is http://imgur.com/JeOMalDpermalinkparent–feelthegleeGrad Student, Physics 1 point 14 hours ago Oh cool!permalinkparent–turbo86 2 points 15 hours ago Depending on how strong of a player you are, definitely play the Orange. Blue plays pretty short and can turn in to a drive-pitch-putt course on a few holes.The condition is generally ok, and the greens can get going pretty quick if there's not been rain and the wind's been howling. About the wind: it gets pretty brutal at times, so beware of that before heading out. I've had par 5's that I've hit in two turn in to driver-3 wood-5 wood with a shift in wind direction.The rangers and staff are nice enough and generally stay out of the way. Pace of play can get a bit hairy if you catch up to a certain type of group, but we can talk about that via PM if you'd like.All of that said, Stone Creek is the better course, and I do believe good deals can be had on certain days/times. If you have a car or can split the Uber with someone, I'd recommend Stone Creek over Orange and Blue. Orange and Blue is fun for what it is, though.Enjoy!permalink–DJGingivitisCEE-Structural Grad 1 point 17 hours ago Been there a few times. Nice enough course. Maybe not the most challenging but if your are looking for a cheap round go there. You can also rent clubs for like 7 or 10 bucks.permalink–nodea5 1 point 16 hours ago This place is definitely the cheapest 18 hole public course in CU. Course conditions aren't bad. We're in the dog days of summer so it's drying out, the fairways are firming up and the greens held few shots when I last played about a week ago. It is pretty crowded most of the time though, however. The Orange course is the tougher of the two courses, with pitched greens and bent grass fairways. The blue is much easier, with flatter greens and fewer doglegs. I have my own vehicle so club transport has never been an issue with me. I thought there was bus service that took you out to the airport although I don't know how far into the golf course or neighboring subdivision that can take you in. (If that even exists)
I'm a freshman in ECE, and I am currently enrolled in PHYS 100. I've heard PHYS 100 is pretty much a joke (from old posts on this subreddit), but my hold was just lifted. Should I get rid of my cushy, starting at 10 AM everyday schedule in order to take a harder physics class? I already have 15 credit hours and I'll have 17 if I switch into PHYS 211.Backstory: I was pretty strong at Physics in HS, but my teacher was horrible and the class was a joke. Will I be doing myself a disservice by not switching into 211? Also, I talked to my advisor and she thinks I should take 100.ThanksEDIT: Dropped 100, added 2114 commentsshareall 4 commentssorted by: best–Riddlrcompe 3 points 11 hours ago ur advisor is dumbtake 211.permalink–trazz32S 1 point 11 hours ago Think 17 credits is too much? Should I drop the IEFX research course I'm taking to bring it down to 15?permalinkparent–Riddlrcompe 3 points 10 hours ago I wouldn't first semester, but I would keep your schedule like that. add 211 and then decide after a week or so whether you want to drop anything.permalinkparent–trazz32S 2 points 10 hours ago Good idea. Just dropped 100 and added 211 with almost no shifting around. Thanks for your help!
What is this program? It says that it's like a prepaid program where you can freeze your tuition fees. But I'll be graduating this semester, so I wanted to know if I can use this at all.Anyone have an idea what this is?5 commentsshareall 5 commentssorted by: best–IsAnAlpacaAero (alumni) 1 point 5 hours ago You pay for tuition by semester now, then in a decade or so the program pays the school for those semesters.permalink–BMOtheCutiePieS 1 point 4 hours ago Got it. Thanks for clarification!permalinkparent–lecalec 1 point 4 hours ago College Illinois! is a 529 prepaid tuition plan. Parents usually enroll and prepay college tuition at today's cost for their children when they are typically still kids so that by the time they graduate high school they have a college plan ready for them.I don't think you can use it if you're graduating now. But you could buy it for your kids in the future.permalink–BMOtheCutiePieS 1 point 4 hours ago I guess it's beneficial for families who would for certain know that they will stay in Illinois in the future. Thanks for letting me know!permalinkparent–AfterEarlyAlum 2 points 3 hours ago The program will fund just about any college, but you get the most bang for your buck by attending an Illinois public U. If the kid attends a college outside the 13 or so public Universitie in Illinois, they simply are reimbursed the average tuition of the Illinois publics. So if you choose to attend Michigan, for some ungodly reason, College Illinois will give you $13k or so a year toward that tuition.It serves no purpose for current students, who already have their tuition locked.
I am a returning student and I am getting myself back into cycling. There are a lot of country roads nearby with some real beautiful scenery including a wind farm. Anyway, I am looking to see if anyone would be interested in getting some group rides together to go exploring and get some exercise too!1 commentshareall 1 commentssorted by: best–bubrahucize 2 points 12 hours ago Additionally you can participate in the Prairie Cycle Club Weekly Rides:They become show and go rides starting about now each year. Typically the ride will have folks who know road conditions and good routes based on wind and daylight hours which can be important facts if you are not used to riding around here.http://www.prairiecycleclub.org/2001-weekly-rides/Note non-PCC rides at the bottom.
I was wondering how often you professional devs out there are stuck waiting on responses from other devs about their programs/utilities.Maybe its because I work in embedded systems but I find a majority of my work goes: Find a problem with said software/utility for unit > Message dev who is in charge of said software/utility (I don't have source code access) > Wait endlessly on response to what they think is solution for said problem.This is the least favorite part of my job, I would rather be coding or implementing or even bug fixing my own code/application. It's not that I don't want to talk to devs, its that I feel I waste so much time and energy doing this and really it comes down to "I'm stuck please help me" kind of feeling that even when they come and fix the problem its definitely not satisfying because I didn't fix it.2 commentsshareall 2 commentssorted by: best–Treasy 1 point 5 hours ago You need to have a good understanding of the codebase to solve your problems. I see no reason that you should not have access to source if you are troubleshooting it as part of your job.I hope there's documentation for your system. Working in embedded its important to have a solid understanding of how the different parts of the system interact with one another.After they solve the problem for you, is it something you could've solved with the resources at your disposal (including doing more research), or something only the dev could solvepermalink–throwawayshampoo_ 1 point 5 hours ago Does your company employ any sort of stringent version/release control guidelines? Like, do you guys not do code review?
I'm a freshman. Now before you upperclass men roast me, please consider what it would mean to both you and me if a little part of your great and legendary knowledge/intelligence could be passed down to a freshie like me in need of a cooler room. I have 2 fans but no AC and being the sheltered suburban white boy that I am, I cannot stand heat at all, in fact I could not even sleep last night because of it. I plead for any noble and generous people to provide me advice on cooling the hellish kingdom that is... TAFT VAN DOREN (screams in agony)4 commentsshareall 4 commentssorted by: best–BAMFATTACKAE Junior 1 point 43 minutes ago We put a fan in the window, sometimes blowing out, and an oscillating fan on top of both desks. Those were basically just locked facing our beds at night. The dorm is gonna be hot for like a month.permalink–rhinowingTownie 1 point 32 minutes ago sleep naked, be glad you weren't here last weekpermalink–notaflatlander 1 point 56 minutes ago Buy a fan.permalink–maelstromaS -4 points 55 minutes ago I already got two.mfw other freshmans try to get smart with you :/
Most companies are equal opportunity employers, so in theory, no. Realistically, everybody has their own biases and those undoubtedly play a role in decision making. So, yes.permalink–MusaTheRedGuardLooking for job 22 points 6 hours ago If you're asking specifically about the Race/Gender/Veteran Status/Disability thing on application forms, I don't think managers get to see that.But in a more general sense, do race and gender make a difference? Absolutely they do. People have biases.permalink–mingp 21 points 7 hours ago This information is typically not presented to hiring managers. Rather, it is used after the fact by the human resources department for internal quality control, analytics, and auditing purposes, as well as potentially regulatory compliance. In other words, it's pretty much just paperwork.permalink–csquestionsyoS 2 points 6 hours ago Should I just repost the question then?permalinkparent–mrmuagi 1 point 2 hours ago Why? You have a ton of great answers in this thread.permalinkparent–_Aggron 14 points 6 hours ago Mentioning it absolutely does not help. No one who is part of the decision process would see that information as reported by the applicant. Mentioning that you're 1/16 Cherokee won't do anything for you.That said, latent sexism and racial bias as components to an office culture is real.permalink–luthageGameplay Engineer 4 points 3 hours ago* As others have said, I don't believe that they get that information. However, there have been studies where the exact same resume is considered differently based on the gender or race of the name due to ingrained bias.permalink–xxdeathx 3 points 5 hours ago The race/gender part of your application that you fill out isnt shown to anyone considering to interview you, but they can still see your name and make assumptions based on that.permalink–DevIceManEngineer, Mathematician, Artist 2 points 5 hours ago Generally no, but companies in the us may be more likely to hire minorities for tax breaks, to avoid lawsuits, or comply with eeo requirements .permalink–csc9000 1 point 5 hours ago I've seen many cases where gender has been a benefit. A lot of companies will take a female candidate over a male one if all else is equal though I've also seen cases where less qualified female candidates have been hired due to team diversity. I've never seen race make any difference at all during the hiring process. All of these observations are from SF based companies.permalink–SmartassRemarks 9 points 5 hours ago I've worked with people who would shy away from taking a female candidate due to stereotypes. It works both ways and it depends on the person deciding.permalinkparent–csc9000 2 points 4 hours ago Definitely true as well, the answer as always is "it depends"permalinkparent–dinosaurdynasty 2 points 3 hours ago I remember seeing a study around that suggested, all else being equal, a woman in STEM was twice as likely to be hired than a man.permalinkparent–wutcnbrowndo4u 4 points 2 hours ago Here's the study. It was in STEM academia.https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/32hlpc/national_hiring_experiments_reveal_21_faculty/permalinkparent–Vadoff 2 points 7 hours ago No, don't think it will help or hurt.permalink–csquestionsyoS 1 point 7 hours ago Are you a hiring manager?permalinkparent–strathmeyer 8 points 7 hours ago Hiring managers to not get access to that information.permalinkparent–csquestionsyoS 4 points 7 hours ago Oh oops, sorry. I'm not sure who does. I guess the question is just more like does it even make a difference, and not just directed at hiring managers.permalinkparent–utuxia 1 point 3 hours ago This is true. Most managers I know can't tell the difference between man and woman or white vs. black. So no. They do not get that information /s.permalinkparent–Vadoff 3 points 5 hours ago Nope.permalinkparent–bgeeky 2 points 5 hours ago I've been a hiring manager for several companies and those factors have never been a consideration.permalink–deelowe 1 point 3 hours ago Some companies have diversity initiatives where they attempt to encourage bringing in more diversity candidates. A hypothetical example is that they may bring in more marginal female candidates. Doesn't mean they'll get hired, but the chances of diversity candidates at least making it to a resume screen or even an interview is certainly higher at some companies.permalink–PM_ME_UR_OBSIDIAN 1 point 2 hours ago I've heard a manager at an old job comment on "diversity candidates" - think women, black people, flamboyantly gay men - saying that hiring managers had to be very careful about hiring them, because if they ever had to fire them they were liable to raise hell, file discrimination suits, etc.I'm personally all for diversity - the best teams I've been in were multi-ethnic and equally gendered.permalink–mbalooking 1 point 2 hours ago Yes, it matters. But that doesn't mean there's a universal answer to how it matters.What I want to see is someone that can make me a believer they will add value to the team and company.There is a hard truth many hiring managers won't talk about. If you built a team that by design or happenstance is monolithic, you could end up handcuffing yourself later when a strong candidate happens to have a different background. Why? Because culture fits matter a lot.It ain't right, it just is.permalink–anihilistlol 2 points 4 hours ago It makes it easier to get a job or internship at larger companies like Microsoft, Google, Apple, Facebook, etc., because of hiring quotas for minorities and women.permalink–nikroux 1 point 3 hours ago I know it doesn't hurt me to mention how exotic I am despite looking white on an off chance that the company needs to fulfil diversity 
Thank you /cscareerquestions (self.cscareerquestions)submitted 19 hours ago by reasonablemanzachI wanted to say thanks to all the members of this sub. I am changing careers from the educational field to software testing. The discussions about this industry on this sub have been very helpful in getting a feel for cs careers. Thanks redditors!8 commentsshareall 8 commentssorted by: best–TinKnightSoftware Engineer 33 points 14 hours ago It was all me!permalink–Moxycycline 36 points 13 hours ago Found the manager.permalinkparent–ilovethinkingstuff 9 points 13 hours ago Well, I don't want to take all the credit...permalink–NotARandomNumberSoftware Engineer 11 points 17 hours ago You're welcomepermalink–HackVT 5 points 13 hours ago Welcome to testing. If you ever have any ALM, Selenium or webdriver questions give me a PMpermalink–reasonablemanzachS 1 point an hour ago Thanks!permalinkparent–danintexas 4 points 10 hours ago Been in QA for 10+ years and I am now a team lead. Best piece of advice I can give you.... keep your eye on the prize - or remember why you do it. It can get boring if you let it but testing is a very important job. It is always best you find an issue in lab then a customer in the field.permalink–reasonablemanzachS 1 point 3 hours ago Thanks so much for the tip.
I know UIUC is a smoke free campus, but is the distinction between smoking and vaping noted? If so, is it safe to do in rooms with smoke detectors or should I just play it safe?4 commentsshareall 4 commentssorted by: best–odpsue 4 points 4 hours ago Vaping/Electronic cigarettes are specifically prohibited anywhere on campus or on University property under the same policy:http://www.campusrec.illinois.edu/Smoke-Free/docs/smokefreepolicy.pdfIt's not a gray area.permalink–rhinowingTownie 3 points 2 hours ago vapes aren't allowed under the smoking ban, but the smoking ban is hardly enforcedpermalink–MrToxicTaco. 0 points 4 hours ago Our RA said it was a grey area, but definitely not in the dorms.permalink–SpizzKizzS 1 point 4 hours ago Ah, thanks. Looks like I'll be avoiding that
Hey guys, I started a new web dev job 2 weeks ago in a Jr capacity and I can already tell that it is not a good fit for me. I've worked in the web dev industry for 3 years now, previously in a different capacity (I'm being vague about my job description in case my employer comes across this post) and have transitioned roles over the last few years so I knew what to expect in regards to long hours, lack of sleep, etc.Some of the major issues that I face: I was shown an all star (English speaking) dev team and amazing products when I had my on site. The reality of my new job is that I am on a different team (even a different sub-company) and I am the only one fluent in English so communication is an issue. The language/culture barrier also causes me to feel very alienated. I've tried to fit in but the relationship doesn't seem to click. I am also being asked to perform some unethical tasks as part of my daily duties. I have already had issues getting paid on time. My employer has also decided to misclassify me as an independent contractor to avoid taxes, unemployment insurance, etc. I have serious doubts about the amount of time that the company that I am working for will exist (they have funding issues). I am certain that I will not last long here so I feel that it is in my and my employer's best interest if we terminate our relationship now.My question is: how bad will this look to future employers? I don't plan to put this on a resume, since I haven't gained any experience from this. I realize however that a future employer may discover this two week period through a background check and ask me about it. So I am not sure if leaving it off of the resume is the best option. I am also not sure how it will look to a future employer that "This guy got a Jr dev job and quit after two weeks". If asked about this, I am not sure how to respond.Is this going to be harmful to my career? If so, what can I do to reduce the harmful impact? I've been freelancing for the last year so explaining a lengthy gap in employment history wouldn't be hard.TL;DR - Just got new dev job two weeks ago; already extremely unhappy and I know it wont last. Will quitting after 2 weeks be career suicide?10 commentsshareall 10 commentssorted by: best–MaximusLeonis 26 points 5 hours ago So the job was misrepresented? Easily explained away. On top of that being asked to perform unethical things? Nope.Not getting paid? Yea, fuck that shit.Get out. Leave it off your resume, if an employer ever asks you about it say they asked you to do something that comprised basic engineering ethics. You'll never have a problem with it. BUT LEAVE NOW!The longer you stay the harder it will be to explain.permalink–HowNowBrownShoes 2 points 37 minutes ago Agreed. Leave it off your resume, it won't come up. 2 weeks is a tiny gap.permalinkparent–Vadoff 13 points 5 hours ago Just don't put it on the resume, mention it on your linkedin, or use any references from that experience. There's no way a future employer will ever know about it. It won't affect your career.permalink–seanrowens 6 points 5 hours ago Don't walk away from this job. Run. But line up a new job first.permalink–VividLotus 4 points 4 hours ago You don't have to put every job you've ever had on a background check or application form. I mean, think about it: if we did, then most of us would be listing stuff like the crappy bakery where we worked in high school, or the work-study job unrelated to our career that we had in college, and nobody does that. While I'm admittedly not 100% sure if extremely vigilant employers would go through the effort of somehow polling tax records to find out about jobs a candidate omitted, if they do that, then it's definitely never come up for me. I don't have any career-track jobs that I omit from my resume or any other form, but I have unrelated jobs before and after my college internship that I've never listed on anything.Let's say you're applying for a job that somehow does find out about this brief job, though, unlikely as that is. All you'd have to tell them is what you told us here. It's not like you're considering quitting this job for a narcissistic or whiny or unrealistic or lazy reason; you're quitting it for, among other things, ethical reasons.If I were in your shoes I'd quit right now and not even worry about it.permalink–s0n3xus210S 2 points 3 hours ago Thank you guys for the advice! I feel much more confident about my decision to leave this company.permalink–wolf2600 2 points 2 hours ago My employer has also decided to misclassify me as an independent contractor to avoid taxes, unemployment insurance, etc.wat? That's a major issue. When you signed the employment paperwork, this didn't raise a red flag?permalink–ascendantlogic 1 point 4 hours ago Get out ASAP. Aside from the unethical stuff, the if they can't get you paid then it's time to bounce.permalink–sandwhale- 1 point 3 hours ago am also being asked to perform some unethical tasks as part of my daily duties.I have already had issues getting paid on time. My employer has also decided to misclassify me as an independent contractor to avoid taxes, unemployment insurance, etc.Those are fine enough reasons to quit. I wouldn't even put those 2 weeks in the resume. If you insist on putting it on your resume, you can just say you were an independent contract for 2 weeks... since that's what you were classified as one. But honestly, 2 weeks is a blip.permalink–bradfordmaster 1 point 2 hours ago Two weeks is such a short time it won't look at all suspicious on a resume. Many people I know spend longer than that unemployed between jobs just to take a bit of a break.Also, that place sounds horrible and what they are doing sounds illegal. If you wanted to, you could go after them for misclassifying you. I probably wouldn't bother though, I'd just pack up all of your stuff, go to you manager, and explain that you are quitting and why, then leave that day.
I'm a new student and I am commuting to U of I every day from 30 minutes away. Due to this I have to stay in CU all day without the luxury of just going back to my dorm or whatever between classes. Does anyone have any suggestions of good places to pass time or even cool things to do between classes?4 commentsshareall 4 commentssorted by: best–snakesarecoolAlma has abandoned us 1 point 2 hours ago How long are your breaks and what area of campus are you going to be in?permalink–english-23 1 point 2 hours ago During the warmer months, you can hang out on the quad(s) and catch up with friends or your studying/homework or just simply relax. There's always the union and the coffee/break area in the middle. You can explore other buildings on campus.permalink–Lavendre 1 point 2 hours ago Hey! I also live off campus. I usually hangout in the library (Main or Undergrad) or chill in the Union. Honestly, people study anywhere and everywhere on campus. If you get tired head to the union; always tons of people napping between classes. You'll figure it out as you go along so don't stress too much about what you'll do with your free time. Definitely consider going to office hours since you'll be around anyways!permalink–yogurtcup1 1 point 2 hours ago Yah some of my favorites places to study/procrastinate:Grainger LibraryIllini UnionStarbucks on Green StAnd for stuff to do between classes, it really depends on your interests. A few things I enjoy:going to the ARCplaying basketballthrowing around a frisbee with friendswalking around campus listening to a podcast
Latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA) is a topic model which infers topics from a collection of text documents. LDA can be thought of as a clustering algorithm as follows:Topics correspond to cluster centers, and documents correspond to examples (rows) in a dataset.Topics and documents both exist in a feature space, where feature vectors are vectors of word counts.Rather than estimating a clustering using a traditional distance, LDA uses a function based on a statistical model of how text documents are generated.LDA takes in a collection of documents as vectors of word counts. It supports different inference algorithms via setOptimizer function. EMLDAOptimizer learns clustering using expectation-maximization on the likelihood function and yields comprehensive results, while OnlineLDAOptimizer uses iterative mini-batch sampling for online variational inference and is generally memory friendly. After fitting on the documents, LDA provides:Topics: Inferred topics, each of which is a probability distribution over terms (words).Topic distributions for documents: For each document in the training set, LDA gives a probability distribution over topics. (EM only)LDA takes the following parameters:k: Number of topics (i.e., cluster centers)maxIterations: Limit on the number of iterations of EM used for learningdocConcentration: Hyperparameter for prior over documents’ distributions over topics. Currently must be > 1, where larger values encourage smoother inferred distributions.topicConcentration: Hyperparameter for prior over topics’ distributions over terms (words). Currently must be > 1, where larger values encourage smoother inferred distributions.checkpointInterval: If using checkpointing (set in the Spark configuration), this parameter specifies the frequency with which checkpoints will be created. If maxIterations is large, using checkpointing can help reduce shuffle file sizes on disk and help with failure recovery.Note: LDA is a new feature with some missing functionality. In particular, it does not yet support prediction on new documents, and it does not have a Python API. These will be added in the future.ExamplesIn the following example, we load word count vectors representing a corpus of documents. We then use LDA to infer three topics from the documents. The number of desired clusters is passed to the algorithm. We then output the topics, represented as probability distributions over words.
hihihi hihialsjdf This is a test

I'm a freshman here and I am wondering if theres cheaper place to buy electronics other than the bookstore, best buy, or even walmart?4 commentsshareall 4 commentssorted by: best–english-23 3 points 15 hours ago I would recommend online. I don't know of any that'd be cheaper with a physical locationpermalink–narwhalateegrad physics 1 point 14 hours ago Bestbuy has a $150 discount right now for students.permalinkparent–szaeroEE, CS 2 points 13 hours ago Unless you want a Mac, I highly recommend the signature series laptops from the Microsoft Store online. No questions asked 30 day return policy, no crapware installed, usually cheaper, and they have education discounts.permalink–Subestella 0 points 16 hours ago Tech zone in the union usually has discounts for students. I know you mentioned places other than best buy, but right now they have $100 off Macs deal going on right now. I just got a new MacBook Air for 750.
Do employers value prior military experience? (self.cscareerquestions)submitted 2 hours ago by Arnie_MaxSo I am currently in Air Force ROTC, and will be serving at least four years in the Cyber Systems Operations Field in the Air Force after I get my BS in Computer Science. My question is, will software or IT employers view this as a positive or negative use of time? I'm not sure what exactly I will be doing in this field, but I will have leadership experience and somewhat of a relevant background in either discipline. Thanks in advance4 commentsshareall 4 commentssorted by: best–BeatMastaD 2 points an hour ago It it typically viewed as a positive, and even more so if your job in the .mil was related (which it seems like yours will be). When you get your security clearance be sure to use that to your advantage after you're out and apply for contractor or other jobs that need it before it expirespermalink–IAmAmbitious 1 point an hour ago* Ahhh, good ol' 17D. Enjoy! Arnie...AAS by chance?I have had nothing but positive experiences with having Air Force on my resume. Granted, I haven't applied for software development jobs yet, but most companies look highly at military experience.permalink–NotARandomNumberSoftware Engineer 1 point 2 hours ago It will be seen as a positive even if your experience doesn't directly correspond to your future career.source: I used to build bombs in the military.permalink–Arnie_MaxS 1 point 2 hours ago Appreciate the input. Thanks for your service!
I currently have a catastrophic 2.55 in (pure) mathematics at a top Canadian institution. I'll be in my fourth year this fall and will be doing an extra semester to salvage my GPA but to be realistic, I am not getting into any graduate school.I know I'll be having an extra difficult time to find a job, but I am aspiring to become a data analyst - a kind of a software developer who uses more math and stats. Upon graduation, I will have taken intermediate level courses in data structures, object-oriented programming, and numerical analysis.I am under the impression, it is fairly easy to get a job in software development, statistics indicates that there twice as much demand as supply. How is the job prospect of data analysis, however? I've seen two groups of postings, one that only require a BS in any quantitative discipline, one that requires MS or above with preference given to CS or statistics majors. How different are data analysts from traditional statisticians? Are pure math majors prepared and competitive?1 commentshareall 1 commentssorted by: best–ExtrasolarEarth 1 point 4 hours ago Learn SQL. You'll be fine.
I am debating whether I should retake differential equations in order to do a grade replacement this semester. I took it last semester but I ended the course with a C-. I’m majoring in mechanical engineering and I still have to take linear equations after deferential equations. Right now I am registered for both classes (linear and differential equations), so getting into the class is not a problem. I was told I can go onto linear but not sure about it.I’m worried about falling behind of where I’m supposed to be. I transferred into UIUC last semester with a 3.54 GPA and now I have 3.47 GPA and I’m afraid of it going any lower. I really don’t know what to do. I’d appreciate any advice. Thank you.4 commentsshareall 4 commentssorted by: best–Ymfp 2 points 10 hours ago A C- in Diffy Q won't lose you any job offers. Leave it in the past. You have a good GPA. Do better in other classes and you'll be fine.permalink–DJGingivitisCEE-Structural Grad 2 points 9 hours ago Your GPA is good. Anything over a 3.2 in engineering is awesome. Below that and you might start having companies through your resume in the maybe or not pile. But focus on other things that are more important. Don't retake it.permalink–SulfuricSomedayUndergrad ChemE 2 points 10 hours ago Don't bother it's a waste of time. Your GPA is fine.permalink–mgs1otacon 1 point 3 hours ago Don't bother. Also linear doesn't really use anything from diff eq anyway.
hihihi hihialsjdf This is a test
